README.md, before:


# Overall Project Objective


# Team Members
- Hudson Prestidge
- Cameron Shotted
- Max Robinson
- Madeleine Rashbrooke
- Dylan Hulain

# Learning Objectives

# Tech Used

# Schedule

# Level Set-up
## Board

  - 0 represents wall
  - 1 represents floor
  -

```
[
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1]
]
```

## Player/Enemy

Commit message:

added team- objective to readme

README.md, after:


# Overall Project Objective
  As out final project from Dev Academy we wanted to produce a piece of technology which was fully planned, programmed,
  and presented which we could be proud of showing off in a 1 week timeframe.
  Our overall team objective in this build was to learn as much as we could, but also being able to experience what it
  is like working in a short term, high intensity work environment. Also we were able to learn about handling a large
  group and be able to forge strong interpersonal relationships between each other, while also learning
  the skills needed to cope with team conflicts, and stress.
  
# Team Members
- Hudson Prestidge
- Cameron Shotted
- Max Robinson
- Madeleine Rashbrooke
- Dylan Hulain

# Learning Objectives
  See our planning repo: https://github.com/quest-friends/Planning/blob/master/learningObjectives.md

# Tech Used

# Schedule

# Level Set-up
## Board

  - 0 represents wall
  - 1 represents floor
  -

```
[
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],
  [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1]
]
```

## Player/Enemy
